# Sungkyunkwan University, Korea

Tags: Education

### Summary

- School: Sungkyunkwan University, (1st) Dept. of Software, College of Software Convergence, (2nd) Dept. of Psychology, College of Social Sciences
- Duration: Mar 2017-Aug 2021
- Degree: Bachelor of Engineering and Bachelor of Science in Psychology
- Major: Software, Psychology
- GPA: 3.57 / 4.50

### Courses

HCI, Algorithms, Networks, Operating Systems, Computer Architecture, Programming Languages, Big Data and Statistics, Psychological Statistics Computing, Language Psychology, Organizational Psychology, Abnormal Psychology, Cognitive Psychology, Group Psychology, The Analects of Confucius, etc.

### Skills

Web Development, App Development, Data Analysis

### Graduation Thesis

- DAPR Art Therapy Test Web Application Using Computer Vision
- Inspired by the increased attention on online psychological tests during the COVID-19 pandemic, I aimed to create an online drawing psychological test using computer vision. Using Google's Quick Draw Dataset as training data, the system analyzes user-drawn images through object detection, examining the position, relationships, and shapes of objects according to existing DAPR test criteria from a computer vision perspective. The project's core objective was to develop a system that processes data using traditional manual assessment psychological models while providing user-friendly results.
- To achieve this, I took the lead from service planning to algorithm development, web frontend, and backend development. Technically, I designed algorithms using Flask and TensorFlow Object Detection API to efficiently process complex data and provide user-centered diagnostic results. Additionally, I implemented UI/UX reflecting user requirements alongside systematic data flow design.

### ETC

During my undergraduate years, I took an HCI (Human-Computer Interaction) class, and I loved it so much that it made me decide to pursue graduate studies. While coding was fun, I thought the question of 'why we need to create this technology' was more important.